COPS searching for Nicola Bulley were handed a ­mystery “stained” glove found in the field where the mother of two was last seen, it emerged overnight.

In a dramatic twist, the blue ski glove was taken away in an evidence bag last week despite police still maintaining Nicola, 45, was swept away in a river.

An exclusive photograph obtained by The Sun shows the blue glove resting on a fallen tree branch
5
An exclusive photograph obtained by The Sun shows the blue glove resting on a fallen tree branch
Police searching for Nicola Bulley were handed a mystery 'stained' glove
5
Police searching for Nicola Bulley were handed a mystery 'stained' gloveCredit: instagram
The map shows where the glove and Nicola's mobile phone were found
The map shows where the glove and Nicola's mobile phone were found
It comes amid growing frustration at the hunt for Nicola, last seen in St Michael’s on Wyre, Lancs, on January 27.

The police theory she fell into the Wyre in a tragic accident has been questioned by relatives who say there is no evidence of that.

Lancashire Police confirmed that their controversial river hypothesis had not changed on February 7 — the same day that two walkers stumbled upon the glove.

It was yards from where Nicola was last seen, and close to where her mobile phone was left on a bench.

READ MORE ON NICOLA BULLEY
Missing Nicola Bulley's family grow increasingly frustrated at police probe
WE NEED CLOSURE Missing Nicola Bulley's family grow increasingly frustrated at police probe
Nicola Bulley cops probe fishing club as member reveals they've been in touch
WHERE IS SHE? Nicola Bulley cops probe fishing club as member reveals they've been in touch
The glove was bagged and handed to police.

A video of the discovery was posted live on TikTok but has since been deleted.

The person who shared the footage also referred to the covering being stained but it was unclear with what.

A photograph obtained by The Sun shows the blue glove resting on a fallen tree branch.

MOST READ IN THE SUN
Two huge BBC shows axed - and it’s bad news for big name presenter
BEEB SHOWS CANNED Two huge BBC shows axed - and it’s bad news for big name presenter
Nicola Bulley cops probe fishing club as member reveals they've been in touch
WHERE IS SHE? Nicola Bulley cops probe fishing club as member reveals they've been in touch
The seaside town nicknamed Las Vegas of UK - with arcades, cabaret & sandy beach
OUTTA TOWN The seaside town nicknamed Las Vegas of UK - with arcades, cabaret & sandy beach
Bench where Nicola's phone found could be spattered with blood, ex cop says
KEY EVIDENCE Bench where Nicola's phone found could be spattered with blood, ex cop says
One woman commented online: “Has anyone heard anything about the glove that was found in the early hours on the field she was last seen on the TikTok live?

“I was watching it live about 1am. A couple went on to the field last night, found a glove there with a stain on it?

"They reported it to the police and bagged it and gave it to an officer.”

Yellow ribbons adorn the bridge at St Michael’s, where villagers are longing for Nicola’s return.

Yesterday singer Peter Andre, 49, called her disappearance a “bizarre story” with “more questions than answers”.

He said he “can’t imagine” what her distraught relatives are going through as they wait for news.